v1.5.1 release (#571)
megaease/easegress: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [v1.5.1](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/tree/v1.5.1) (2022-04-06)

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/compare/v1.5.0...v1.5.1)

**Significant changes:**

- Turn profiling on/off runtime [\#543](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/543)

**Implemented enhancements:**

> - Change way StatusSyncController stores statuses [\#542](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/542)
> - Support mesh monitor mTLS [\#528](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/528)
> - Support custom image name [\#545](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/545)
> - Remove package contexttool [\#547](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/547)
> - Update go version to 1.17 [\#546](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/546)

Reviewer: `mesh monitor mTLS` is for EaseMesh;
`contexttool` and `go 1.17` are not user-visible changes.

```suggestion
- Change the way StatusSyncController stores statuses to reduce memory usage [\#542](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/542)
- Support custom image name [\#545](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/545)
```
